	Overall we will implement a second hand shopping website for shoes and 
clothes, where users can sell and purchase items. This website serves people 
who like to online shop for second hand clothes, and/or sell items they own. 
All data are stored using MongoDB, and the type of data are users and products.
To be more specific, users are able to search for items in a search bar using key 
words, or use a filter to select the price range and the size of the items of 
interest (we might add other features for the filter). Further, the user can 
also navigate the database of items by category (dress, pants, shorts, skirts, 
etc.). When the user find an item they would like to purchase, they can click 
the purchase button; this transaction is only possible if the buyer has enough
money. Contrarily, sellers can also sell their second hand items online by 
uploading a picture or pictures as they like, and they have to enter a price 
and add a description (such as adding size and category tags) for the product. 
Moreover, users can only add comments and give ratings to the products they 
already purchased. If the user wants to talk to the seller, there is a chat
option where sellers and buyers can online chat with each other. In terms of 
user authentication and authorization, the user can choose to login or sign in 
to the website. Items can only be purchased if the buyer has logged in to 
his/her account. In other words, everyone can view the clothing website, 
however, the purchase option is only available to people with actual accounts. Furthermore, admins can change personal information and password of all users 
but normal users can only change their own profile information. Other functions
of the admin are deleting, adding and updating users and their information; and
repopulating the database by uploading items for sale. Lastly, normal users 
each have their own profile page, where they can edit their personal 
information, upload items for sale, view purchase and sale history, view items 
they are currently selling, check balance of wallet, rate products they already 
bought and view messages sent from other users. On the other hand, as for the
profile page of admins, they have the options to add, remove, edit and show all
users and products. 



